c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests.dll.config
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BSS.SearchService.DataStore.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BSS.SearchService.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BSS.SearchService.DataStore.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BSS.SearchService.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.net35.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BSS.SearchService\BSS.SearchService.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
